Product name: Smart Class Planner
Team name: SJCZZ
Release name: First Release
Release date: July 23rd
Revision number: 3
Revision date: July 7th

High level goals: (listed in priority order)
Design a most-intuitive user interface
Set up an efficient database environment to store the courses information
Be able to select courses filtered by year, quarter, major, major requirements, electives and general education requirements.
Be able to see the prerequisites of the course
Collect previous ratings and comments on courses and use these data to provide suggestions during course selection.
Generate a clear class plan spreadsheet

User stories for release:
Sprint 1:
User story: As a student, I want a website which is convenient and clear to see all course information so that it helps me to save my time during classes selection.
Developer story: As a developer, I will use Adobe XD and CSS to create an intuitive user interface by designing a filter function to help students avoid having to choose from abundance of courses.
Developer story: As a developer, I will use MySQL to build up an efficient database to support the website.
Sprint 2:
User story: As a student, I want a website which shows me what courses will be provided in following quarters and their prerequisites.
User story: As a student, I want a website that can classify courses according to my major Requirements and GE requirements.
Developer story: As a developer, I will label all courses with different tags in my database as categories, so that it can be easier to manipulate by filter function.
Developer story: As a developer, I want to create a database that stores class information in a given quarter to support my website.
Sprint 3:
User story: As a student, I want a website that can give me some recommendations about classes.
User story: As a student, I want a website that can generate an intuitive class plan in the form of a spreadsheet to represent.
Developer story: As a developer, I will gather class schedules from users (e.g. class schedules) to generate some suggestions.
Developer story: As a developer, I will collect previous ratings and comments on courses and use these data to provide suggestions during course selection.
Product backlog:
Leaning Languages and tools
Design user interface
Beautify the user interface
Build up database environments
Implement hash table for search functionality from database
Import course information from UCSC system
Tag elements (courses) as categories in database
Add filter function to the website

Initial release plan presentation:
See GitHub repo