System and Unit test Report
Product Name: Smart Class Planner
Team Name: SJCZZ
Date: July 24

Sprint1
User story: As a user, I want a website which is clear and convenient to see all courses’ information.
User story: As a user, I want a website which can display my class schedules for more than one year.
Developer story: As a developer, I will use Adobe XD to design a user-friendly interface.
Developer story: As a developer, I will structure my website with html.
Developer story: As a developer, I will use Css to beautify my website.
Developer story: I will use Python or manually collect courses information from ucsc system website.

Scenario:
1. open the browser window and type
   a. domain into address window: localhost/SmartClassPlanner/
   b. Click init! to see the initial classes and empty tables for three years

Sprint2
User story: As a user, I want a website which can display courses in their provided quarters.
User story: As a user, I want a website which could label the courses with course types.
Developer story: As a developer, I will design 4 list to represent courses which are provided fall, winter, spring and summer.
Developer story: As a developer, I will tag these courses so that they can be displayed on specific section of the website.

Scenario: 
2. After the user clicked the init! button
   a. All courses in the year will be displayed under each quarter specificly.
   b. and the labels will be displayed after the courses' name.

Sprint3
User story: As a user, I want a website which could display my selected courses in a table, which is similar to the major curriculum chart.

Developer story: As a developer, I will use html and css to design a table.
Developer story: As a developer, I will use javaScript to create a clickable function that the clicked course will automatically disappear from the list and appear on the specific section of the table.
Developer story: As a developer, I will create a button to allow user to see the curriculum chart as reference.

Scenario:
3. There will be 5 slots for each quarter.
   a. The user can add their desiered course to the table by clicking on the courses on list
   b. then there will be a window pops up that shows the detailed information of the course and ask the user if they want to add to their schedule. 
   c. If they click on "OK", the user will be asked for which year they want to add. The range is from 1 to 3 and numbers greater than 3 or lesser than 1 will cuase the adding fail. Then, the selected course will show up on the specific colomn with selected year. 
   d. If they click on "Cancel", the user will return to the interface


Unit tests:
We test our JS functions in browser that press f12 and type js code into it to test it.

Chin-shu Shao: I tested html and css code by blocking other dividers and seeing the visual website in localhost to see if my codes were working.

Yalin Zhang: Since I design the UI of the website by drawing it on a paper, I quickly realized that is not an easy thing to display my idea completely. I changed my direction and redesign the UI by what the Bootstrap has.	It is also a challenge to learn how to use Bootstrap, I read a lot of tutorials and fond some similar models and I combined them together. Group members also helped me did some bug fixes.




